[Preprocess #2] Instructions for setting up Airflow (#164)
opentargets/genetics_etl_python: docs/development/airflow.md

# Running Airflow workflows

Airflow code is located in `src/airflow`. Make sure to execute all of the instructions from that directory, unless stated otherwise.

## Set up Docker

We will be running a local Airflow setup using Docker Compose. First, make sure it is installed (this and subsequent commands are tested on Ubuntu):

```bash
sudo apt install docker-compose
```

Next, verify that you can run Docker. This should say "Hello from Docker":

```bash
docker run hello-world
```

If the command above raises a permission error, fix it and reboot:

```bash
sudo usermod -a -G docker $USER
newgrp docker
```

## Set up Airflow

> This section is adapted from instructions from https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/tutorial/pipeline.html. When you run the commands, make sure your current working directory is `airflow` directory (the one where this README file is located).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is adapted from instructions from https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/tutorial/pipeline.html. When you run the commands, make sure your current working directory is `src/airflow`.
```
